fix(charts): Added missing flag (#2870)
fluxcd/flux: chart/flux/README.md

| `git.pollInterval`                                | `5m`                                                 | Period at which to poll git repo for new commits
| `git.timeout`                                     | `20s`                                                | Duration after which git operations time out
| `git.secretName`                                  | `None`                                               | Kubernetes secret with the SSH private key. Superseded by `helmOperator.git.secretName` if set.

> | `git.secret.enabled`                              | `false`                                              | If  is set to true and a .gitsecret directory exist in the root of the git, flux will execute a "git secret reveal -f" in the working git.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `git.secret.enabled`                              | `false`                                              | If set and a` .gitsecret` directory exist in the root of the git repository, Flux will execute a `git secret reveal -f` in the working clone before performing any operations
```
